# Jan 7th, 2024

Created: January 9, 2025 5:55 PM
Description: Summary of Health Insights and Updates
Done: No
Status: Not started
Type: 📧 Email
Who: Beth

Hey There.

I may be confused already on which email to use for which purpose so correct me if I am wrong but I have had a little mental breakthrough with all my health stuff and kind of on a high about it so I wanted to just try to make myself not overthink it and tell you about it. Basically I have this huge overwhelming feeling of releif for the first time in so so long after finally hearning more about MCAS (via podcast) and it finally clicking in my brain how all of this is connected and the trifecta and holy cow this finally might actually be it.

I had to kindof learn the hard way as usual but I unexpectedly had a little test this past two weeks that I think it very telling. Everyone around us was sick over christmas with that bug and I was shocked I never got it. Jump to Jan 31 when I go for my CT angiogram of my neck and everything was fine during the scan.  The tech told me she would be using twice the amount of dye as usual.  When I got home about an hour later, I felt like death. All my things started flaring, my face was on fire (face infection was raging), and I kept saying I felt like I couldn’t breathe. Still not understanding mast cells yet, I wondered if I had picked up Covid at the hospital or what it was but I literally laid in bed for 4 days and didn’t move. Everything hurt so bad that I was wrapped in heating pads and massing leg compressors and couldn’t get anything done in terms of even being able to look at my computer and make things make sense. Finally Saturday night I was googling and came across something mentioning contrast dye and MCAS and I immediately took a hydrozozine (it was the only antihistamine I could find at the moment) since I have had a prescription for a while and I really think it helped. I have continued to take a couple to see if it helps and it has. I then have listened to the Bendy Bodies Podcast a ton about the “trifecta” and all things.

I am sure you are probably shaking your head and thinking, I knew it and I think you are spot on in your assessment of it being all three. I think for some reason, I hadn’t taken the time to learn about mast cells enough and my brain has to understand how and make it make sense somehow for me to accept it.

I have to admit I spent all day Monday Jan 6th just trying to write this email and got to the line above and fell asleep. I spent the first half of the day trying to sit up and type it and then I just fell asleep mid writing (after taking my adderrall morning and afternoon dose).  This is how I have felt ever since the CT scan. It’s like I can’t sit up very long at all and I can’t get my brain to focus or think anything and I have basically been staring at a wall for days and can’t function. I have several design projects to work on and I can’t make my brain work at all.

All that being said let me just run down the things on my mind.

- I want to check my health insurance with you before open enrollment ends on healthcare.gov
- I have scheduled an appt with my GP for my ADHD medication refill and to touch base for Jan 28th. I am on the waitlist so hoping to get an earlier appointment when one opens up.
- I have sent his office your letter
- I am going to order the supplements (salt sticks and quercetin as soon as I send this email as my brain seems to be working temporarily)
- I want to clarify if we are meeting Thursday’s on zoom
- I want to figure out how I should start taking the supplements once they arrive
- Also I have never included headaches as part of my symptoms as I don’t feel I have actual headaches but learning more about the pressure headaches sounds exactly like the feeling I have and hearing my blood pressure and feeling like my head is going to explode is very spot on.

I am curious to hear if you have heard of similar experiances with contrast dyes and mast cell reactions and just wanted to let you know the status of everything becuase it felt like a very pivotal moment for me to wrap my head around it all.  Also I have to admit, I have never had the thought that I would get better. Everything I have been told is that I would just progresssively always get worse so I have a new found since of hope that something as simple as an antihistamine and figuring out all my triggers could allow for some restoration and healing and that is amazing. I can already feel my brain fading after focusing on this email for a while so I will end here and look foward to your feedback Thursday or whenever